
There's [Alpha Prime](file:////Users/peterweyand/Documents/writing/alphaprime). This is an incomplete description of a philosophical model that's heavily inspired (unknowingly) by the works of [[Books#^ae645f|Sartre]].

There's [Stream of Consciousness](file:////Users/peterweyand/Documents/writing/streamofconsciousness), which is a story inspired by the [[Books#^84efba|Empire Falls]] and [[Books#^04dde3|Infinite Jest]].  ^4a9a48

There's [Harlequin's Saga](file:////Users/peterweyand/Documents/writing/harlequinssaga) which is also inspired by [[Books#^04dde3|Infinite Jest]] and has some elements that are absurdist.

Yet what I have wanted to say about claustrophobia has not been properly expounded upon. Let us take, for example, the space station Switzerland L4 orbiting in the Langrange point between the Earth and the sun. A giant torus, it houses 50 million inhabitants within a spinning vessel at 0.8 Gs at it’s epogee and 0.2 G’s within it’s interior ring. A 50 mile long hollow tube 10 miles in diameter acts a construction yard for belter prospectors to be sent out into the Kepler fields and tugs to dock and ferry the massive mineral transport vessels running the loop between the Earth, Outer Planets and asteroid belt with robo-welding arms shooting silent sparks into the vacuum night. Such a massive construction took over 50 years and the cooperation of the entire planet’s resources to construct as a worldwide failing economic model, disturbed and disquieted by a growing lack of resources to fuel ever expanding compound financial requirements, demanded expansion into the cold recesses of space. This we will say occurred some time between the periods of LLW+20 and LLW+100, somewhere in there, when culture as we understand it took a hard left turn into a totally different set of survival requirements. First let us say that to our minds here in the distant past we might thing that this giant collection of torus’s would be fragile and that the slightest rift between the spin of it’s rings might cause the entire edifice to collapse upon itself or be torn apart by it’s contraindicated centrifugal forces. You would be incorrect. Switzerland L4 is a marvel of human achievement. It’s central hub, is five habitable stories (and 10 non-habitable stories of machinery, industrial equipment and storage) is made from material science advancements that amount to self healing titanium alloy. Were even the hubs themselves to collapse and break apart or the tori to fall into themselves, the central tubular core of SL4 would grow and heal within a matter of sun cycles. The spinning Tori connected to the hub by long spokes are themselves collections of interlinked containers equipped with both Teledry batteries, microwave drives and enough reaction mass to make their way to a safe orbit within the Earth system. In the event of a catastrophic failure of any Tori, the containers break apart and find their way back in-system. This has happened exactly twice, set off one interplanetary recession, and prompted the formation of the Interstellar Insurance Consortium (IIC) a quasi governmental charter backed by the Archipelago Council and the Cairo Group and operating with the tacit if grudging acceptance of PAT. In short, SL4 is one of humanities greatest achievements, is owned by exactly no one, is necessary for the continuation of the human race, and is more backdrop and setting than any sort of conquerable territory. Switzerland owns a non-majority controlling interest in IIC, such an interest specifically written into the bylaws of the charter, and is the de facto governmental controlling force which it maintains through it’s tacit blindness to any sort of activity that doesn’t specifically interfere with the flow of commerce or puncture a hull. ^e96529